Page 4 (abstract) 
   "integrate a cluster of eight engines ..."
   "average computation rate of 300GOPS, and image throughput of xxx images/second"

Page 10 
   "cuts down the design and verification time" (instead of production time)

Page 10 (Section Goals)

   Use active mode..  For example

    In this thesis, we summarize the following work
      - the design, verification and characterization of an AI/ML inference
        engine for the UNET architecture.  The design was done entirely using
        algorithmic hardware design techniques using the AHIR-V2 tool chain,
        and, is fully functional and exhibits competitive performance relative to reported work.

     - validation of the accelerator engine on FPGA, using the VCU128 FPGA card.

     - incorporation of the accelerator engine in a system-on-chip, demonstration
       of an end-to-end image analysis chain.

     - scaling the number of engines in the SOC and characterization of the
       speedup obtained.

Page 12
     Do not use \newline etc to create paragraphs.  If you leave a blank space,
     latex will generate a paragraph break for you.   The \newline creates
     a discontinuity.

     Equation 2.1 notation not clear.  For example, what does output[r,c,chl] mean?
     Same for input[r:r+n-1 ... ] etc

     Notation issue is also there in equations on page 14 etc.


Page 14
     undefined reference to something "[?]"

Page 17
     Dont start a sentence with Fig. ..
   
     Avoid

     "Fig 2.1 shows the ...."

     Instead, use active voice
  
    " In Fig 2.1, we show the ..."

Page 18

     "The design involves two aspects"

Page 19
     Notation..  what does this mean?

     "for r in 1:2:r_0 do "  

    and what does this mean?
     "for c in 1:c_0 do "

    etc...


Page 21
	"clock" instead of "clodk"

Page 21

    typo "kernelsand"

    change "brings down bandwidth negligible" to "brings down bandwidth to neglibile levels"

Page 22

    Use "until" instead of "till"

    Use "The convolution module is" instead of "Convolution module is"

Page 23

    
   Use "The accumulator is" instead of "Accumulator is"

   Typo "This modules reads" 
   Typo "One of the other functionality of "   (use "functionalities")

Page 24

   Typo, also which input module?
   "This input modules does ..."  ??

   Did you mean "The input module does ..."

   3.3.2
   typo "This set of modules are responsible" change to "is responsible"

Page 33 
   typos, spellcheck.

Page 36
   typo "whic h"


